AI-Powered image stylization and cartoonization platform

firebase

AI Tools:
Kira
chatgpt-prompt
claude-code

first vscode then kira if needed.


1. Project Title: AI-Powered Image Stylization and Cartoonization Platform
2. Project Statement and Outcomes:
The AI-Powered Image Stylization and Cartoonization Platform project aims to develop an interactive application that converts real-world images into various cartoon-style effects using OpenCV. This project involves implementing advanced image processing techniques such as edge detection, bilateral filtering, color quantization, and stylization filters to achieve different visual transformations like cartoon, sketch, and pencil color effects.
The outcome will be a user-friendly Streamlit-based web application where users can upload images and instantly transform them into selected cartoon styles. The application will include features like filter selection and side-by-side image comparison (original vs cartoonized) for better visualization. It will cater to general users, artists, and digital content creators. The project will conclude with thorough testing to ensure performance, usability, and reliability, supported by well-documented reports for future improvements.

OPENCV
edge detect
blur

FRAMEWORK
streamlit-best for now
react.js

username password
save pass
history of img processed
payment processed

DATABASE
SQLite
MYSQL
PostgreSQL (industry)

PAYMENT GATEWAY
payment industry security standards
razorpay(india)-best for now
stripe

learn git and GitHub

prj flow
open and create acc py handles data and store in db
py checks credential
upload img
select style
py processes
OpenCV
display both before and after images
click pay and download
req to razorpay
app and payment processed
payment recored in db by py
and then download button enabled.

DATABASE_URL="mysql+pymysql://root:sabibaa%4028@127.0.0.1:3306/ai_cartoon_db"

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DdihmaGPuskt70MySMAeGOxmtBk6cW-bvBXu5F2JG1E/edit?gid=0&authuser=1#gid=0